Psst, Playmaker,
pretend like you don't see 'em
but Varis and Spectre
are here spying on us.
And you know
whenever they show up,
they bring ten sacks
of trouble with 'em.
But the way things
currently are,
this is one time
where I don't think
they can bring any more trouble
to this situation.
Well, that's good news...
and bad news.
Frankly...
I'm not surprised they're here
because a duel this critical
can change the course
of the entire war.
Well, I don't care
who wins or loses.
'Cause one of 'em hates me,
and the other one hates me more!
And I don't know
which one's which!
In fact, I hope they both lose
and they both go poof!
And no one'll weep
over that result.
My, my, The Shepherd
sure is lucky
that you warned him
about the Link Spell.
Or else, he'd already
have been defeated.
But not as lucky
as he hoped.
Because The Shepherd
couldn't use that knowledge
to completely
turn the duel around.
It's as if the Light Ignis
knew the Link Spell
would be destroyed.
But any positive
is still a positive.
Then let's see
if he can ride the momentum.
Because the outcome of this duel
is far from certain.
♪♪♪
It's my turn. I draw!
I'll start by summoning
DRONE PAWN in attack mode.
Next, I activate
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
special ability
to resurrect a DRONE
from my graveyard
and summon it next to its link.
So my SCUD DRONE soars again!
And that move triggers
SCUD DRONE's ability!
When a DRONE resummons
it from my graveyard,
I get to draw one card
from my deck!
And now I'll forge my circuit!
I set my SCUD DRONE
in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 BATTLEDRONE SERGEANT!
And due to my GENERAL's
additional ability,
my DRONE PAWN can attack
your life points directly.
So feel the full force
of its barrage!
(fire blasts)
(grunts)
Jin!
(sighs)
My brother's getting blasted,
but I can't do a thing about it.
I can't watch this happen!
I activate BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
third ability!
When my DRONE PAWN
deals you direct damage,
I can tribute that DRONE
to deal you additional damage
equal to its attack points.
(grunts)
But that's not all.
BATTLEDRONE SERGEANT's ability
also allows it
to attack your
life points directly.
So take another
800 points of damage!
Battle Strike!
Wait, did I say just 800?
I meant I can tribute it
to deal another 800!
(grunts)
Each strike may not
deal much damage,
but they do add up quickly.
Not just quickly.
Irreparably!
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL,
attack its CENTURION!
Shepherd didn't
just turn the tables,
he tossed it in the trash!
It's true that
if this attack succeeds,
The Shepherd
will extend his lead
to make it
nearly insurmountable.
But knowing Lightning like I do,
he's always prepared
for every contingency.
And I can't imagine this time
will be any different.
You know me too well, Flame.
When my CENTURION is attacked,
its special ability activates,
allowing me to negate
your attack once per turn.
And with that, you now have
no monsters left to attack with.
That may be,
but I'll make sure
you can't attack me
on your turn either.
I activate DRONE UNITY!
If you attack one of my DRONES,
it gains the attack points
of all other DRONES on my field!
How interesting.
But I can't fail to notice
that you only have one
DRONE on your field,
so that card is useless.
And I can't fail to notice
how wrong you are.
By ending my turn...
BATTLEDRONE WARRANT's
special ability activates.
When there are no monsters
in my Main Monster Zone,
I'm allowed to resummon it
from my graveyard.
If you take DRONE UNITY's
effect into account,
his monsters have virtually
3600 attack points.
Wowza! I don't know how
he's gonna get past that!
That's why you're you...
and I'm me.
I activate my spell ARMATOS LEX.
It returns one monster
in my graveyard to my hand,
but what I think
will interest you more
is that it also returns
one spell to my deck.
What?
I return the Link Spell...
JUDGMENT ARROWS!
And I return ARMATOS
LEGIO GLADIUS to my hand.
Lightning now has
a chance to use
JUDGMENT ARROWS again.
And you know
he's gonna snag it
like it's the last cookie
in the jar!
As I expected,
The Light Ignis made sure
it had a way
to bring back its Link Spell,
JUDGMENT ARROWS.
(Lightning)
I activate my Field Spell,
ARMATOS COLOSSEUM.
By discarding the monster
I just regained...
I can resummon SPECULATA
and SICA from my graveyard
next to my CENTURION's links.
I now have the monsters
I need to illuminate my circuit.
I set SPECULATA and CENTURION
in the Link Arrows.
From the dawn of the universe
until its eventual end,
there is only one
constant: light!
And now I shall coalesce
this brilliance!
I Link Summon... Link 3
ARMATOS LEGIO LEGATUS LEGIONIS!
That must be the strongest
monster in Lightning's deck.
What gave it away?
His big long speech?
It's time to battle.
CENTURION, attack
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL!
Huh.
Your monster's too weak
to even scratch its paint job.
That would be true if attack
points mattered in this battle.
But they don't.
When my CENTURION
attacks your monster
while it's linked to SICA,
your monster is
automatically destroyed!
(grunts)
That's crazy!
When Lightning's monsters
are linked together,
they give each other
extra special abilities!
Yes. So by changing which
monsters are linked together,
Lightning's Monsters
have a variety of abilities
that they can use.
This isn't looking
good for Shepherd.
LEGATUS LEGIONIS,
attack BATTLEDRONE WARRANT!
(grunting)
(explosion)
Now my dear friend,
all your monsters are gone.
And soon you will be too.
Shepherd, hello?
It's your turn, my friend.
I know. I draw!
I summon DRONE RECYCLER!
And I'm activating
its special ability!
By banishing a DRONE
Link Monster from my graveyard,
I can summon a monster
whose Level equals
the number of Link Arrows
my banished monster has.
So I banish Link 2
BATTLEDRONE WARRANT
to summon Level 2 DRONE CARRIER.
And DRONE CARRIER's
own ability activates,
allowing me to summon
another DRONE from my graveyard.
Take flight,
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL!
And return to this duel!
And similar to my DRONE CARRIER,
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL
can also bring a DRONE
back from my graveyard.
Rise up, DRONE PAWN!
And I'm still not done
strengthening my aerial force!
I tune my Level 2 DRONE CARRIER
with my Level 4 DRONE RECYCLER!
A Synchro Summon?
Yes, a Synchro Summon.
Watch as I construct a helo
that rains a shower of fiery
destruction on to any target!
I Synchro Summon!
Level 6 COMMANDRONE
DOUBLE SNIPER!
Time to battle!
My GENERAL's ability
allows my DRONE PAWN
to attack you directly!
If it's a battle you seek,
then I must prepare my defenses.
I activate LEGATUS LEGIONIS'
special ability!
It lets me exchange
a Level 4 or lower
ARMATOS LEGIO on my field
with a different one
in my graveyard.
So I replace
my ARMATOS LEGIO SICA
with ARMATOS LEGIO SCUTUM.
And when my ARMATOS LEGIO
Link Monster
is linked to SCUTUM,
your monsters are only allowed
to attack that Link Monster.
Or to clarify further,
your monsters can only attack
my CENTURION
from this moment forward.
But that doesn't apply
when my monster
is attacking you directly!
Go, DRONE PAWN!
Did you think I wouldn't
take that into account?
ARMATOS LEX's effect negates
all direct attacks against me.
What?
Lightning has tightened up
his defenses even more.
How's The Shepherd
gonna break through that?
He isn't.
Yes...
So if I was him, I'd try to find
a way around it instead.
You may have stopped
my attack, but you triggered
DOUBLE SNIPER's
special ability!
Every time you negate
my attack,
DOUBLE SNIPER
gains a Drone Counter.
And when it has
at least one Counter,
it's not only able to attack you
twice in a single turn,
but it can also attack
your life points directly
by lowering its attack
points to a thousand.
So that's what I'm going to do!
Attack!
Hold on, why is
The Shepherd attacking
Lightning directly?
He knows that Lightning can use
ARMATOS LEX to stop that attack.
'Cause that's exactly
what he wants him to do.
(Lightning)
Pointless.
I use my ARMATOS LEX
to shield myself
from your attack.
(explosion)
But by doing so,
DOUBLE SNIPER
gets another Drone Counter.
And with its second attack,
it'll launch its missiles
at your CENTURION!
Another pointless effort.
CENTURION's ability activates,
negating that attack as well.
I was hoping
you'd do that.
And you did.
Huh?
When DOUBLE SNIPER
has two Drone Counters,
if you activate
a special ability,
your monster is
automatically destroyed!
And the resulting
explosion deals you
a thousand points of damage!
Wipe that CENTURION
out of existence!
The Shepherd is using
Lightning's own abilities
to his advantage.
Yeah, by stopping
The Shepherd's attacks,
Lightning dug himself
a bigger hole.
(Ai)
And fell in head first.
Don't underestimate me!
I activate SCUTUM's ability!
When it's linked
to CENTURION,
it prevents it from being
destroyed in battle
or by special abilities!
Well...
Even after all
those countermoves,
DOUBLE SNIPER still gets
to attack your CENTURION!
Your monster won't be destroyed,
but you still take damage!
Huh.
But I only lost
300 life points.
That's within
acceptable parameters.
Is that what your logic
is telling you?
Because according to my logic,
you're losing.
Becuase you're a human
and I'm not!
Then allow this human
to put you in a bigger deficit!
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL,
attack CENTURION!
(explosion)
The Light Ignis has
so few life points left
that the faintest touch
of a feather can knock it out.
So it's quite unfortunate
that The Shepherd has
no monsters left this turn
to attack it with.
Very unfortunate.
Because it's never smart
to leave your opponent a chance,
no matter how small it may be.
My turn isn't over yet,
Ignis.
I activate my spell DRONE UNITY!
By tributing a DRONE
on my field,
I can draw a card
from my deck!
So I tribute my DRONE PAWN.
Perfect.
I activate the spell
DRONE FORCE FUSION!
It fuses the DRONES
on my field together
into a whole new monster!
And you're not allowed
to play any cards
to stop it from happening!
I fuse COMMANDRONE
DOUBLE SNIPER
and BATTLEDRONE GENERAL
together!
If you're fusing
your best monsters together,
the result must be...
unimaginable.
You don't need to imagine it.
Because I'm showing it to you!
I forge metal and steel together
to engineer the command post
of my aerial armada!
I Fusion Summon!
FORTRESSDRONE BEEHIVE!
(The Shepherd)
I Fusion Summon!
FORTRESSDRONE BEEHIVE!
Due to DRONE FORCE FUSION's
additional effect,
BEEHIVE can't be destroyed
by your effects
or special abilities.
And it gains a Drone Counter
for every Level
that the monsters I used
to Fusion Summon it had.
I'll do the math for you...
that's a total of six
Drone Counters.
Furthermore, BEEHIVE can
use one Drone Counter
to summon a DRONE TOKEN
to my field.
But it's no fun to just use one,
I'll let it use five and fill up
every space on my field!
And for every DRONE
that's in play,
other than itself,
my BEEHIVE gains
1000 attack points.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
5000 attack points!
This is quite
the solid defense.
His TOKENS may appear
to be the hole in his armor
because they have
no attack points,
but he can use his
spell DRONE UNITY
to raise them to 5000.
Color me impressed.
(sighs)
Let me be honest.
I have nothing in my hand
that prevents me
from losing this duel,
but that's only because
I haven't drawn yet!
(laughs)
My oh my oh my.
I activate the Link Spell
JUDGMENT ARROWS!
(grunts)
Aww, glitch!
Not cool, bro!
I activate my trap SNATCH DRONE!
If you play another
copy of a card
that it destroyed earlier
in the duel,
then its effects are negated.
In other words,
since it destroyed
JUDGMENT ARROWS
on your first turn,
this copy of JUDGMENT ARROWS
is worthless!
Next, I activate the trap
CAPTURE DRONE
and use it on your
LEGATUS LEGIONIS!
It chains up your monster
so that it can't attack
or use its special abilities!
So now all it can do is
stand there and take up space!
The Shepherd stopped
Lightning's strongest monster
and his strongest spell!
Somebody better hire a DJ
for this block party.
(Lightning)
I activate my spell card
ARMATOS LEX.
By tributing my SCUTUM,
I get to draw a card.
Interesting.
For someone in bad shape,
Lightning doesn't seem worried.
But I guess you can't
spell confidence without "con".
I summon the card I just drew:
ARMATOS LEGIO MAGICA ALCUM.
And since I summoned
it next to a Link Monster,
its special ability activates.
And it's an ability that affects
both my Link Monster
and my Link Spell.
First, my Link Monster
can't be destroyed by effects
or special abilities.
And second, I must send
my Link Spell to the graveyard.
What?
(gasping)
(Ai)
He destroyed his own
JUDGMENT ARROWS?
(Lightning)
Yes, I did.
Do you find this illogical?
I assure you that it's not.
Because in exchange,
all faceup cards
in your Main Monster Zone
and in your Spell & Trap Zone
will be destroyed!
This can't be!
Yes, it can.
And usually,
when JUDGMENT ARROWS
leaves the field,
all monsters next to its links
are destroyed.
But due to MAGICA ALCUM's
special ability,
my LEGATUS LEGIONIS
remains on my field
while your cards will not.
(Blue Maiden)
Now that all
the DRONE TOKENS are gone,
BEEHIVE's
attack points drop to 0!
And The Shepherd
has no traps left
to stop Lightning's attack!
This duel is over!
No.
Good bye, my friend.
LEGATUS LEGIONIS,
attack FORTRESSDRONE BEEHIVE
and end this duel!
(The Shepherd grunts)
Lightning was in control
of this duel
from beginning
to the very end.
Yeah! No joke!
(Ghost Gal)
Shepherd!
I'm so pathetic.
I failed to defeat the Ignis,
I failed to end the war,
and most importantly
I failed you.
You failed me?
It's the older brother's
responsibility
to make sure
his younger sister is safe.
So that's why you decided
to fight on your own?
To get me to stay out of this?
Hey, don't look at me like that.
I never said
it was the best plan.
I wish I had more time.
Make that I wish I didn't
waste the time I had.
Time I could've used
to get over the hurt.
to get to know you.
But time's one thing
money can't buy,
no matter how many
bounties I hunt.
Shepherd--
(The Shepherd)
Don't call me Shepherd.
I'd rather you call me
your big bro.
(Ai)
Big bro?
The Shepherd didn't make
any mistakes during this duel,
in fact, he played perfectly
but still lost.
This Light Ignis is
the most powerful enemy
we've ever faced.
This... was fun.
But I must get back to my work.
So until we meet again,
be safe, my friends.
Till then, Lightning.
♪♪♪